You, you stinky beggars
You're with these two losers
So you can't be trusted.
I'm too lazy to tell you so much.
security guard
Hurry up and drag this poor product out for me
I didn't steal it
If you don't believe me, you can call and ask Mr. Yang
Just ask
This one?
Poor goods like you also match JD.com lady
Husband, you are finally here
Mr. Yang will accompany the leader for a while
It will come down when the opening ceremony starts
However, Mr. Yang still had foresight
Let me come down and check first
See if there is a patrol posture
Those who disrupt the order of the conference
Husband, let me tell you
Hurry up and poke these poor goods out
Clean up
Save it, he's getting in our way here
you
So poisonous and illiterate
You let this wild man
Teach your own daughter a lesson
Are you not afraid of five thunderbolts?
I haven't been in front of so many people in front of the comet
Teaching you a lesson is enough to give you face
Don't be ignorant
Now get out of here
I just turn a blind eye
Or I'll send you to the well rats
Let you suffer for a lifetime
This was given to me by Mr. Yang himself
Which law am I breaking for receiving gifts?
Which law was violated?
If you don't believe me, you can ask Mr. Yang.
Don't settle cases on whims here